DISCUSSION QUESTIONS
1. What kinds of things would be difficult to program without loops?
2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of the switch statement
versus a series of if statements?
3. When might you omit a break statement from the end of a case in a
switch statement?
4. When should you use a while loop over a do loop?
5. Describe your favorite game in terms of the game loop. Is the game loop
a good fit?

---------

1. A program that looks for prime numbers in a given range. Games. A program
    that manipulates values in a data table.

2. Advantage of 'switch' over a series of 'if' statements:
    If you are writing a (simple) calculator with 4 functions, then the code would be more
    readable using 'switch' because there are 4 mutually exclusive cases. In a situation where
    the user can pick between 6 menu options, for instance, you could put all 6 options under
    a single switch statement and call a function for each option from each case.

   Disadvantage of 'switch' over a series of 'if' statements:
    If you have a clear mathematical or logical relation between variables, then a series of 
    'if/else if/else' statements would be more readable and appropriate. For example, in the
    number guessing game it is clearer to use "if" statements to test for greater than / lesser than
    / equal to, etc.

3. When the 'choice' matches a case but you want the code to continue through subsequent cases.

4. I believe it is stylistically usually preferable; however, 'do' executes its block at least
    once before testing the concluding 'while' condition. If you want the block to be executed
    only if the condition is true (thereby allowing the block to not be executed at all), then 
    use a 'while' loop instead of a 'do'.

5. I don't have a favorite game. The game I'm currently playing is an RPG game and it initializes
    a distinct combat cycle where each character attacks on a timer, therefore it does utilize 
    a game loop logic that concludes with the death of all party or enemy members.
